 Delhi to Jaisalmer road trip blog:  

This is most memorable trip of my life..I am sharing here my delhi to jaisalmer road trip review.We just get up early in the morning and all set for Delhi to Jaisalmer trip by car..

Day 1 :
On day 1,We were very excited.Delhi to Jaisalmer distance via Jodhpur by road is 765km.Its a very long journey.We didn’t make it directly to Jaisalmer.So we planned to take halt at Ajmer.


Ajmer:
Firstly we started from Delhi and take the route via Jaipur..In this route there are lot of toll tax counters..But the roads are smooth and fine..The overall distance from Delhi to Ajmer is 405km.It takes 7-8 hrs to reach Ajmer.There is one McDonalds came on the way.We reached Ajmer in the evening.Firstly we check-in to our hotel.After resting for sometime we are ready for the shrine Dargah AjmerShariff. It is nearby our hotel.So it takes 20 minutes to reach over there..We parked our car in nearby railway station parking.From there Dargah is at the walking distance.Its a big market all around the way.Finally Ajmershariff is there.In front of Dargah,there are lots of shops to buy flowers,chadar etc..We prayed over there and take the blessings.Now its dinner time..We left the Dargah and headed towards our hotel to have dinner.After long driving,its awesome to have good food.so our first day from Delhi to Jaisalmer was little bit tiring but unforgettable experience.

Day2:Golden City,Rajasthan:
How to plan for Jodhpur Jaisalmer trip?On day 2,early morning we get ready for the Golden City.We check out our hotel at around 7am.Route taken Ajmer->Beawer->pali->Jodhpur->Jaisalmer.
Again lot of toll tax on the way.But the road was extremely good.There are somewhat 10 toll tax counters come.There is also another route to Jaisalmer via Bikaner is there.But the roads are not so good.So we prefer Ajmer->Beawer->pali->Jodhpur->Jaisalmer.The distance from Ajmer to Jaisalmer is 484km.
It takes 8 hrs to reach to Jaisalmer.we see sunrise on the highway.Its beautiful view.Smooth road,low mountains and the sun rise.
As Jodhpur is blue city of Rajasthan,we decided to have breakfast over there.As the roads are so good,we reached Jodhpur at around 11 am.There we find a nice restaurant for breakfast at c road.That was really yummy breakfast we had.Jodhpur is very beautiful city.
There is a beautiful lake in Jodhpur.The scene overthere was really breathtaking..After Jodhpur,there are not much good choices of lunch.
There are lot of small Dhabas on the way.There are lot of windmills we can see.We clicked lot of pictures .After Pokhran the road is totally empty.Once in a while somebody overtake.Its awesome to drive on that way.Really Unforgettable drive.
Finally we reached to Jaisalmer around 4:30 pm.Our resort was at outskirts of Jaisalmer.We checked in to our resort.It was a heart warming welcome at the resort by applying tikka and offering sharbat by the resort employees.There are lots of places to see in Jaisalmer.After resting for some time,we decided to visit attractions of jaisalmer one of that is Gadisar lake.It is just 20 minutes run from the resort.We parked our car just outside the parking at gadisar lake.There is a ticket counter over there for boat riding.We took our tickets and move to the lake.The view over there was fantastic..Sunset overthere was worth to watch.colourful sky and water what a combination!!
Gadisar lake is a must visit place.all the colorful Rajasthani things katputli,umbrellas, pagrhi available in the market of Gadisar lake.After the lake we are excited for the cultural program organised by our resort at night.It was a nice show in which the rajasthani people dance in their traditional attire.ther sing and play their own music.Bonefire is arranged by our resort.We had delicious dinner having rajasthani dishes Dal Bati Churma,Gatta Curry,Kersangri etc.It was a memorable night overall in Jaisalmer.


Day 3:
Next day,we wake up after having our breakfast at resort.We are excited to see Sam sand Dunes. The Sam Sand Dunes are on the outskirts of Jaisalmer.This was isolated and barren place.

Camel safari:
When u are in Jaisalmer,Camel safari is the biggest tourist attraction.We did camel safari in the Thar dessert.Its a big chunk of fun to be sit over the camel and ride.

Jeep safari:
Jeep safari is the most adventurous activity to enjoy in the dessert.We had our moment of joy in Mahindra Thar on the dunes and who so ever love adventures,would love dashing in the sand dunes in a four wheel drive.This is the most adventurous activity to do in India dessert trip.


Parasailing:
The next activity we enjoyed there was parasailing. Fly over the dessert is another pleasing experience.It is basically a parachute tied to the jeep.It is more enjoyable to be in the centre of the dessert.


Jaisalmer fort:
Nature at its best in the city. Sand dunes are just a part of Jaisalmer. There are lot of things to see in the city.so we decided to visit Jaisalmer fort.


Day4:
Next day we decided to see the sunrise.So let our resort at around 5:30am and head towards samsand dunes again.After drivings for 30 minutes we reached the sunrise point in the dunes.


That was really best experience . Jaisalmer is classic example of rich experience and exotic activites.I loved it.
for more details please visit:
https://delhitojaisalmer.blogspot.com


